Carter unio doesna source s a cartoon
yogas noise say Vicki imagine a saccade
cartoon Adonis's with me
homes on Edison all my creosote
illuminates by a silly rhyme processor
Union into space
our lives are so mu job such a curious
Odalys paris tbilisi enormous Jamaica
Maps
vecinos he brought us some jolly man to
same total moon Alice Jardine Moog dad
as in boosted scholar Carrie mood to
superstar supports occurs Musa limits
para salir ah I wanted us pursuers y una
buona sera into soda popular so vocal
oka my struggles I need those limits now
I work in a Mentos OB selfie with the
bottom edge is the vehicle which passes
over Codex Alimentarius I want a mr.
Kondo chavista toxicants a label of a
group boxers particles are delicious not
be Susie who's very severe woody
research let me help you understand the
enemy and let me assure you that
absolutely nothing that I'm going to
tell you is exaggerated is interpolated
or is imagined everything I'm going to
tell you is documented and it's a great
deal of it is documented on my website
which is www.hyken.com on Tereus
commission
it is not a public health commission it
is not
a consumer protection commission it is a
trade commission now Codex Alimentarius
Commission is administered by the World
Health Organization w-h-o and the FAO
the Food and Agriculture Organization
they fund Codex and they run it at the
request of the UN in 1994 codex with no
notice here in this country whatsoever
declared nutrients put on your
intellectual seatbelts declared
nutrients to be toxins their poisons
dangerous industrial poisons as poisons
we have to be protected from them what
we're talking about is waking up one
morning and being very surprised to find
that high potency therapeutically
effective clinically significant
nutrients are now illegal in the way
that heroin is illegal not available
with a prescription illegal every animal
used for food on the planet whether it
has fins feet or feathers every animal
on the planet must be treated with
subclinical antibiotics must be treated
with subclinical antibiotics and be
treated with exogenous
codex requires mandates that all food be
irradiated unless it's eaten locally and
raw all food including organic food of
course so is an organic afterwards go to
Codex Alimentarius do a google search
and look you know there drop-down menus
at the top of the official codex page
look at the toxins and the veterinary
chemicals and the levels that are said
they are terrifying in 2001 a hundred
and seventy-six countries included
together and they said there are 12
really bad organic chemicals they're
called pops persistent organic
pollutants there are a lot of them but
there are 12 that are so bad that nobody
could disagree that those 12 pops and
worldwide codex has brought back seven
seven of the nine forbidden pops that a
hundred and seventy six countries fanned
worldwide die Algren Algren hexa
chlorobenzene and the food that is
imported from other countries that
contains these substances cannot be
stopped at our borders because otherwise
it would be god forbid a trade violation
that's how codex works in the w-h-o FAO
projections the epidemiological
projections they estimate not I they
estimate they're the experts that just
the vitamin and mineral guideline alone
when it goes into global implementation
on December 31st 2009 will result in a
minimum of three billion that's be bad
big billion deaths 1 billion through
simple starvation those folks who die
are not particularly economically
successful from the point of view of the
corporations but the next 2 billion they
will die from the preventable diseases
of undernutrition who will live probably
those people who are wealthy enough and
powerful enough to have their own
pushers of clean food and nutrients
that's who will live you and I